  
 IMPORTANT: if you updated the ecore nsURI to reflect a new version of the meta-model it will break the trace file used by gmf to keep track of its previous generated classes.
 			In fact it is best to search and replace the nsURI throughout the whole workspace as a other plugins such as generator, persistence & navigator reference the ecore model this way.

Creating gmfgen from gmfmap resets some configurations therefore it is necessary to restore these settings
 in components.gmfgen before re-generating diagram code. This can be done by doing a text compare with the
 previous version and merging back any previous settings.
 (you can open an old version from the git history view and save it as a txt file then do a compare with each other)
 For example, 
 	Various statemachine class names keep getting reset to e.g. statemachine2?? (not any more?)
 	open diagram behaviours are removed from statemachine parts (yes, still happens in 3 places)
 	fixed foreground / background should be removed to allow appearance properties and preferences to be used. (yes in one place)
 
 [NOTE: if you save gmfgen with a text editor it is seen as a text file in the navigator. Make sure it is seen as a gmfgen file (by opening and saving 
 using the gmfgen editor) before re-creating from gmfmap.  Otherwise the new version is not merged correctly.]
 
 In the diagram plug-in, the MANIFEST.MF and plugin.xml files do not update unless the old versions are removed.
 Therefore, rename these files before re-generating and merge back in any customisations (e.g. property sheet extensions) using text compare.
 (usually there are no useful changes in the manifest.mf generation, so you could keep the old version. 
 However, there are useful things in the plugin.xml so you should at least do the comparison on that file)
 
 The diagram generation uses custom dynamic templates. These should be updated to customise the generated code. 
 However, this is not always done and some hand customisations may exist. These are listed in 'diagramCustomisation' file. 
 
 After re-generating, go through the hand customisations and check whether those methods need to be updated to reflect changes
  as they won't have been updated by the re-generation. (e.g. if you added new nodes to the diagram some hand customisations WILL need to be updated)
  
